# Back Cover Copy

(1) An introductory paragraph to interest the non-specialist, the general
    reader, the librarian or bookseller (about 50 words).

Writing and running software is now as much a part of science as telescopes and
test tubes, but most researchers are never taught how to do either well.  As a
result, it takes them longer to accomplish simple tasks than it should, and it
is harder for them to share their work with others than it needs to be.

(2) A second factual and informative paragraph which expands on the first by
    describing the main item or areas covered by the book (at least 100 words)

This book introduces the concepts, tools, and skills that researchers need to
get more done in less time and with less pain. Based on the practical
experiences of its authors, who collectively have spent several decades teaching
software skills to scientists, it covers everything graduate-level researchers
need to automate their workflows, collaborate with colleagues, ensure that their
results are trustworthy, and publish what they have built so that others can
build on it. The book assumes only a basic knowledge of Python as a starting
point, and shows readers how it, the Unix shell, Git, Make, and related tools
can give them more time to focus on the research they actually want to do.

(3) A paragraph which illustrates the main findings and originality of the
    research, or specifies its particular usefulness to its intended audience
    (about 50 words).

Research Software Engineering with Python can be used as the main text in a
one-semester course or for self-guided study. A running example shows how to
organize a small research project step by step; over a hundred exercises give
readers a chance to practice these skills themselves, while a glossary defining
over two hundred terms will help readers find their way through the terminology.
All of the material can be re-used under a Creative Commons license, and all
royalties from sales of the book will be donated to The Carpentries, an
organization that teaches foundational coding and data science skills to
researchers worldwide.
