Dr. Damien B. Irving is post-doctoral researcher in climate science at the University of New South Wales living in Hobart, Tasmania.
With a strong interest in data science education and open/reproducible research,
Damien is involved in The Carpentries community as an instructor, lesson author and Regional Coordinator for Australia,
is an Associate Editor with the Journal of Open Research Software,
and is currently the Global Coordinator for the Research Bazaar,
a worldwide festival promoting the digital literacy emerging at the center of modern research. 

Dr. Kate L. Hertweck is a scientist and educator who endeavors to uphold core values like
diversity/equity/inclusion, accessibility of information, and learning over knowing.
They currently lead training and community efforts to support biomedical researchers
at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington.
Kate is an instructor and trainer for the Carpentries
and has also participated in that group's lesson development/maintenance and community governance.

Dr. Luke Johnston is a diabetes epidemiologist working at the Steno Diabetes Center Aarhus in Denmark. When he isn't 
doing his research in diabetes, he develops R packages that implement statistical methods or that help automate
common research workflows and tasks. He also creates and instructs several courses teaching R and reproducibility
to diabetes researchers.

Dr. Joel Ostblom is a post-doctoral teaching fellow
in the Master's of Data Science program
at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, B.C.
He has co-created or led development of several courses and workshops
at the University of Toronto and the University of British Columbia.
Joel cares deeply about spreading data literacy
and excitement over programmatic data analysis,
which is reflected in his contributions to open source projects
and data science learning resources.

Dr. Charlotte Wickham is a data scientist and educator,
who teaches in the Statistics Department at Oregon State University,
as well as operating her own consulting and training business.
She loves to help people build their data super powers
in the R programming language.
She currently lives in Corvallis, Oregon,
but originally hails from New Zealand.

Dr. Greg Wilson is a programmer and educator based in Toronto, Ontario.
He was the co-founder and first Executive Director of Software Carpentry,
and currently leads the instructor training program at RStudio PBC.
A member of the Python Software Foundation,
Greg has written or edited over a dozen books
and received ACM SIGSOFT's Influential Educator Award in 2020.
